# CS-255-System-Analysis-and-Design

The client was the proprietary owner of the DriverPass idea. The individual's name was Liam. The system the client wanted me to design was a website/application to help students pass the DMV driver's license test. I believe I did well on the creation of the activity diagrams and how they are presented as functions of the system. If I had to revise one portion of either of the documents, I would pick my use case diagram. The use case diagram lacks a certain professional quality that the other diagrams have. I would try and make a much more professional version of the use case diagram as my improvement. The user's needs were interpreted from the interview transcript. From the transcript, I could identify and design the use case diagram based upon those needs. From there, all my other diagrams were based upon the use case diagram to incorporate the user needs throughout my system design. The major reasoning behind why user needs are so important when designing anything is because the user is the reason for the system's creation. Without the user, there are no customers, no administrators and certainly no moderators. There is no-one to interact with the system. This means that a application or system is only useful if users interact with it. Thus, meeting a user's needs will encourage them to return to the system in question. Including this in the system design then only enhances the chances of the system's success with the users. I approach designing software as an interesting aspect to the job of a programmer. In the future, I will be giving myself enough time to think and brainstorm quality functions of systems as well as making sure my systems are easily understood. One of my main issues was a lack of understanding on a specific piece in coding and I will be addressing that aspect in both my code and my design in the future.
